const Container = styled.div.attrs({
    className: 'container',
})`
    height: 150px;
`

The code you provided is creating a React component called "Container" using the
 "styled" method from the
"styled-components" library. The component is being given the default class of 
"container" using the "attrs" method.
It's a Bootstrap class which is used to center the content of the component and it has a fixed width 
based on the screen size.

After that, the component is being styled with an inline CSS, using a template literal (``),
 which sets the height of the component to 150px. This allows you to apply additional CSS styles 
 to the component directly, rather than having to create a separate CSS file. This component 
 will create a div with classname container and height 150px when rendered.

It is important to note that this component has a fixed height of 150px, which may 
not be suitable for all use cases, and it should be used with caution. If the content 
inside the container exceeds 150px, the container will overflow.

use file extension .jsx for JavaScript files that include JSX syntax.


const Nav = styled.nav.attrs({
    className: 'navbar navbar-expand-lg navbar-dark bg-dark',
})`
    margin-bottom: 20 px;
`

The code you provided is creating a React component called "Nav" using the "styled"
method from the "styled-components" library. The component is being given the default
class of "navbar navbar-expand-lg navbar-dark bg-dark" using the "attrs" method. 
These are Bootstrap classes that are being used to create a navigation bar 
with a dark background color and a toggle button for smaller screens.

After that, the component is being styled with an inline CSS, using a template literal
 (``), which sets the margin-bottom of the component to 20px. This allows you to apply 
 additional CSS styles to the component directly, rather than having to create a separate
  CSS file. This component will create a nav element with classname 'navbar navbar-expand-lg navbar-dark bg-dark'
   and margin-bottom 20px when rendered.

This component, when rendered, will create a navigation bar with Bootstrap's
default styling, which includes a dark background color, and a toggle button
for smaller screens. The inline CSS will add a margin-bottom of 20px to the component, 
which will add some space between the bottom of the navigation bar and the
 next element in the page.